Is what the fourth said true?
Your Majesty
The courtiers can testify for His Highness the Thirteenth
Your Majesty's courtiers were also at the Thirteenth Highness' mansion last night
The three of us hit it off
Cook wine and talk
General Gu did leave this morning
But there is absolutely no pleasure in being with His Highness the 13th
Your Majesty
Gulingxue
You are lying!
Your Majesty's courtiers are willing to report to the head
Chen Yuanxiao
You are so shameless
Enough is enough. Isn't it embarrassing enough?
Somebody, drag him down
Lock it up and reflect
Don't panic, my son is wronged.
He really deserves him.
There are beautiful women in the south
Beauty is difficult in Germany
He has me in his heart
Xue Lin, my father has come to plead guilty.